Welcome onboard of this course, I'm extremely excited to have you as a student in this course.
This course is all about
nodejs,
one of the most exciting server side technologies you can learn these days.
And in this course, we'll not just dive into its basics, though we will also do that but we'll dive into
exciting topics like handling file uploads, pagination, working with different databases, SQL and
NoSQL databases for example, building an app where we render views, dynamic html on the server
and building restful and even graphQL APIs, working with real time data and web sockets and much
much more as you will see in the outline which will come later in this module.
There is a lot of content in this course and it definitely is no short course but it will take you from
zero to advanced
nodejs developer and by the end of this course, you will have all the knowledge you need to dive deeper
into advanced topics and start building your own.
nodejs projects and applications of course. And we'll not just learn all of that
in theory, we will build real projects in this course.
We will build an entire online shop including checkout and payment with stripejs,
so there's a lot of content to cover and I'm really excited to dive into it together with you.
Now who am I?
My name is Maximillian Schwarzmuller and I'm a freelance web developer as well as five star rated instructors
here on Udemy.
I've got multiple best-selling courses and nodejs is a topic that was missing thus far,
well it isn't anymore and I had a lot of fun creating this course,
I hope you have equally much fun and you'll learn a lot
whilst going through the course. So let's dive in and let's start with the most important question,
what is nodejs?